This is all my fault, none of this would have happened if it wasn't for me.
I don't say that.
But it's true.
No, I should just quit.
Absolutely not. I refuse.
But...
But she wants me fired.
I would rather leave her before firing you.
You like me that much?
Oh yeah.
No way.
How'd you manage to sneak a photo of the proposal, Tender?
Skills, my guy.
Skills.
And once I leak that to the competitors,
it will have zero chance of winning.
Whoa, but if you thought about what would happen if you got caught with this,
you're gonna be in some deep shit.
Negative.
I'm not the last one to touch the proposal.
Go on.
Let's just say my dear friend, Olivia,
also had her hands in the cookie jar,
and she doesn't even know it yet.
Gorgeous and smart.
Who are you and where did you come from?
Oh, you really want to know.
Sure you do.